README.md, before:

<!-- Gradient Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://svg-banners.vercel.app/api?type=origin&text1=Anusha%20Cheera&width=800&height=250&fontSize=60&color1=000000&color2=0f62fe" alt="banner"/>
</p>

<h3 align="center">🚀 Frontend Developer | 🌍 Lifelong Learner in tech</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=550&lines=collaborate+with+innovative+team;building+responsive+websites;I+enjoy+learning+new+technologies;Turning+ideas+into+impactful+software" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---

## 🧑‍💻 About Me  

💡 Passionate about **WEB DEVELOPER** , writing clean code.  
🎓 CSE Undergrad @ St.Mary's group of institutions (2022–2026).  
🔭 Currently working on ** focused on data structure and algorithm**.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Data structure and algorithm-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=javacsriptlogoColor=white"/>
  <br/>
  
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white"/>
  <br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---
--=[]
'
'
## 🔭 Featured Projects  

✨ **[Food ordered](#)** – Food ordered digital platform that allows customers to browse menus, customize orders, and pay for food online from various restaurants                              or food providers, automating the process from order placement to payment..    
🏫 **[Weather App](#)** –  weather app provides information about atmospheric conditions, such as temperature, precipitation, and wind. 

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats (Dark + Blue)  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GudepuSravani&show_icons=true&theme=blue_navy" alt="GitHub stats" height="160"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=GudepuSravani&theme=blueberry_duo" alt="GitHub streak" height="160"/>
</p>

---

## 🤝 Connect with Me  

<p align="center">
  <a href="anushacheera22@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/anusha-cheera-400219299/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Anushacheera"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

---

<!-- Footer Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0f62fe&height=120&section=footer&animation=twinkling"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Add Online Examination System to featured projects
Added a new project entry for the Online Examination System.

README.md, after:

<!-- Gradient Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://svg-banners.vercel.app/api?type=origin&text1=Anusha%20Cheera&width=800&height=250&fontSize=60&color1=000000&color2=0f62fe" alt="banner"/>
</p>

<h3 align="center">🚀 Frontend Developer | 🌍 Lifelong Learner in tech</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=550&lines=collaborate+with+innovative+team;building+responsive+websites;I+enjoy+learning+new+technologies;Turning+ideas+into+impactful+software" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---

## 🧑‍💻 About Me  

💡 Passionate about **WEB DEVELOPER** , writing clean code.  
🎓 CSE Undergrad @ St.Mary's group of institutions (2022–2026).  
🔭 Currently working on ** focused on data structure and algorithm**.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Data structure and algorithm-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=javacsriptlogoColor=white"/>
  <br/>
  
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white"/>
  <br/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---
--=[]
'
'
## 🔭 Featured Projects  

✨ **[Food ordered](#)** – Food ordered digital platform that allows customers to browse menus, customize orders, and pay for food online from various restaurants                              or food providers, automating the process from order placement to payment..    
🏫 **[Weather App](#)** –  weather app provides information about atmospheric conditions, such as temperature, precipitation, and wind. 
🚀 **[Online Examination System]** - Developed a web-based Online Examination System using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that enables users to take exams online with automatic evaluation, real-time score calculation, and instant result display with pass/fail status. 

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats (Dark + Blue)  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=GudepuSravani&show_icons=true&theme=blue_navy" alt="GitHub stats" height="160"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=GudepuSravani&theme=blueberry_duo" alt="GitHub streak" height="160"/>
</p>

---

## 🤝 Connect with Me  

<p align="center">
  <a href="anushacheera22@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/anusha-cheera-400219299/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Anushacheera"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

---

<!-- Footer Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0f62fe&height=120&section=footer&animation=twinkling"/>
</p>
